# README
So, for this course, we had some projects to work on. One of the problems I faced was with sorting the data. I found it a bit challenging to get used to programming in C++ since it's new to me, and I think it's a more complex language compared to what I've used before. Knowing data structures is important because they enable you to store and manipulate data in an efficient way. This is especially useful when you need to find or remove specific sets of data in a project. For instance, when working on a project that involves sorting out a list of prerequisites for courses, it can be overwhelming to deal with hundreds of courses without a structured approach. With knowledge of data structures, however, you can more easily find a specific course in the appropriate category, making the task less daunting.
Whenever I encountered a roadblock, I learned to take a step back and give myself some time to understand the problem. Instead of stressing out, I tried to come up with a different approach to tackle the issue.
If I ever failed at something, I made a conscious effort not to criticize myself or believe that I was incapable. I went back to the course material and assignment instructions and tried to make sense of them. Then, I brainstormed potential solutions and ideas to help me make progress in the project while keeping a positive attitude.
Working on this project has expanded my approach to designing software and developing programs. I have learned that when I encounter a roadblock, it is important not to stress and give myself time to understand the problem and come up with a different approach. If I fail at something, I now know not to criticize myself or believe that I am incapable. Instead, I revise the course and assignment and try to make sense of it. I also think of potential outcomes and how I can make progress on the project while still feeling good about myself. Overall, this experience has taught me to approach software design and development with patience, flexibility, and a growth mindset.
